hi friends my name is Mai today we are
making three delicious pies of burritos
beans and cheese seasoned ground beef
the third type of burrito is a
combination of peas and seasoned ground
beef for this delicious recipe you will
need pinto beans to season the pinto
beans
you will need kosher salt and vegetable
shortening for the ground beef we are
using beef stew meat to season the meat
you will need taco seasoning lime juice
kosher salt crushed peppercorns cilantro
jalapeno white onion and tomatoes for
the goddess we are using diced tomatoes
shredded lettuce shredded cheddar cheese
Mexican four cheese blend until our
sauce and sour cream you will also need
lost plow to tears
first wash and rinse the pinto beans
next in a last pot combine pinto beans
and water add water cosets up and bring
the pinto beans to boil once the pinto
beans begin to boil reduce to low heat
and simmer for four hours next prepare
the seasoning for the ground beef in the
food processor combine cilantro Y onion
tomatoes and jalapeno
now at the lime juice kosher salt cost
peppercorns and taco seasoning mix
together now in a food processor make
the raw beef
now in a medium pan add a little oil and
saute the ground beef now stir in the
seasoning and simmer for two hours after
about three hours
add vegetable shortening to the pinto
beans when the BC the meat have finished
cooking place in a rhythm bowl in a
large skillet one the flour tortillas
now let's make the burritos for the bees
and cheese pinto beans enchilada sauce
chopped white onion and Mexican four
cheese blend now the beef burrito
and the combination beans and beep
burrito
and here you have three delicious pies
of burritos we hope you enjoy watching
our video if you would like this
delicious recipe please visit our
website